Rename concept exercises (#1464)
exercism/go: exercises/concept/deep-thought/.docs/instructions.md

# Errors

> In this exercise, we will be implementing the programming logic in a package `deep_thought`,

Reviewer: I'm not sure what the proper github etiquette is here? The package name should be one word to align with the Go standards, unless I'm missing another consideration. 

```suggestion
In this exercise, we will be implementing the programming logic in a package `deepthought`,
```

which checks whether an input equals to [the absolute answer to life, the universe, and everything][deep-thought].

We have a constant `answer` which represents the answer to life, and a function `AnswerToLife` which checks the user input
and returns a boolean and an error type.

A requirement is also to have a general error `ErrCalculation` that we can at the same time use in our `AnswerToLife` function,
and export to be used in other programs of ours.

TODO: write instructions step by step

> [deep-thought]: https://hitchhikers.fandom.com/wiki/Deep_Thought

Author: Added a link because even though I read all the 5 books myself, I didn't remember that "deep thought" was the name of the computer.
